# Report.AI
An IOS application that allows users to easily make reports about issues in their communities, powered by Google Gemini

[Click here to view a demo of this application](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nU6rhfxY4cDx3AF6sCeHr5_-HSNznRcn/view?usp=sharing)

## Steps to Run This Project
1.Clone or download the project from the repository.

2.Open the Flavorly.xcodeproj file in Xcode. Ensure you are using Xcode 14 or later versions.

3.Select the "Flavorly" scheme. It likely will be preselected.

4.This project includes AWS Amplify and you, likely will need to include it to run this project. [Read the Amplify setup docs for more information](https://docs.amplify.aws/gen1/swift/start/getting-started/)

5.Click the "Run" button (or press Cmd + R).


## Architecture.

The app implements the MV  VM architecture

The following is a list of files containing various parts of thea architecture?

**Models**
- **User.swift: Defines a User object which includes basic information about a person submitting a report
- Report.swift: Defines the reports class detailing the parts of a report submitted by a user

**Views**
-  **InitialProblemDescriptionView.swift** : Screen where user submits initial photo description of a problem they want to report
-  ReportDetailView.swift: User can add images to their app and further details to be submitted in their report. They can also see a full problem description generated by Gemini
-  GeneratedSolutionView: Gemini comes up with a sample solution for the described problem.
  
**View Model**
- ReportsViewModel.swift: View model that manages a list or array of Report objects that the user has created

## Front End
- Since this is a native IOS app, the front end was written in Swift using the SwiftUI and UIkit framework.  Thee basic website showing the report upload, was written in React
  
## Back End
- The backend is AWS and specifically the S3. The data that is uploaded is saved to an s3 bucket

- 
